chore(release): release on separate branch with changelog (#73)
renovatebot/github-action: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> The changelog is only available on the `releases` branch. Please refer to [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/jdbruijn/renovate-test/blob/releases/CHANGELOG.md) there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The changelog is only available on the `releases` branch. Please refer to [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/renovatebot/github-action/blob/releases/CHANGELOG.md) there.
```
